Introduction:

"As long as we share the same sky and breathe the same air, we're still together." - Donna Lynn Hope

Being apart is very hard. It is really one of the challenges that we need to face on a daily basis. Life is tough but being away from you is tougher. I used to 

This webpage is created just for my honey, Samuel. Since we are apart, distance is not an hindrance to show you how much I love you. Distance cannot stop me to make efforts for you, honey. Before, I made you cards, wrote you love letters, and gave you gifts. Now, I will make other ways for you to feel that I love you so much even there is a long distance between us. 

This is just a simple gift for you, honey. I hope you'll like it because I give a lot of effort to create this webpage just for you.

Our Celebrations:

1st Anniversary - The Dessert Museum
2nd Anniversary - Pandemic Era
3rd Anniversary - Sambokojin
4th Anniversary - Tales of Illumina

Places we went to:

Vape Barracks
Xundd Philippines
DataBlitz
Sta. Lucia Mall
SM East Ortigas
SM Masinag
SM North Edsa
SM Megamall
Fishermall
Cafe Lupe Antipolo
Tales of Illumina
SM Bicutan
Azure Urban Residences Resort
Kuya J's Restaurant

After listing down these places, I realized, we never had an opportunity to travel outside the city. We had plans but it never happen, honey. I hope, when we are together again, we'll visit different places in the Philippines. If there's an opportunity to both of us, let's also travel in different places and cities in Canada. I want to make more memories with you, honey. We'll take more pictures together, hon. And when we we're old and gray, we'll look back to those pictures we have taken and make fun of it. Hahahaha!

--
Change our profile to our celebrations

--

Backstory of the logo

Recently, I saw some pages on Facebook that offers minimalist portraits. The drawing is good, simple, and very trendy nowadays. Before you fly to Canada, I was thinking of having it - the picture of us. Since I was out of the budget, the price of the drawing is per person, I set aside my idea. On March 17, Friday, one day after you left, I got an idea again. Why not I create our own webpage? So many thoughts like "Do I need to deploy it on WWW?", "What are the contents?", "I will be using CSS for the design", "I need to install Notepad++ again", and so on. On the same day, I started using the notepad while using my PC at the office. Hahaha!

A week before your flight to Canada, I came across some Facebook pages that offer minimalist portraits. The drawing is good, simple, and trendy these days. I was thinking of getting it for us before you left. I set aside my idea because I was short on funds (the price of the drawing is per person). On March 17, Friday, one day after you left, I had another thought. Why don't I create our own website? So many thoughts, such as "Do I need to deploy it on the WWW?" "What are the contents?" "I will use CSS for the design."; "I need to reinstall Notepad++," and so on. On the same day, I started using the notepad while working on my PC at work. Akala mo naman nagwowork ang girl! Hahaha! 


