Hi honey!

Since we are apart, even though I make tons of crafts, cards, and letters for you, there is no certainty when you will receive and read them. That's why I've come up with another way to express and extend my love for you. To be honest, I was inspired by one of your subjects, Web Development. Despite the fact that it is not a website since it was not deployed on the Internet (World Wide Web), I still put my efforts into editing pictures and creating these webpages. There webpages were created just for you and I hope you will like it, honey. :)

Disclaimer: These webpages were written in two (2) languages: English and Filipino. For English, I used a paraphrasing and grammar tool, so don't laugh at my English! :P

Just a little backstory ...

A week before your flight to Canada, I came across some Facebook pages that offer minimalist portraits. The drawing is good, simple, and trendy these days. I was thinking of getting it for us before you left. I set aside my idea because I was short on funds (the price of the drawing is per person). On March 17, Friday, one day after you left, I had another thought. Why don't I create our own website? So many thoughts, such as "Do I need to deploy it on the WWW?" "What are the contents?" "I will use CSS for the design."; "I need to reinstall Notepad++," and so on. On the same day, I started using the notepad while working on my PC at work. <i>Akala mo naman nagwowork ang</i> girl! Hahaha! 

Since I was doing these webpages, I decided to have the minimalist portraits. You will find the portraits on the next pages. I used one of those portraits for the logo and added some designs to make it appealing for the webpages. At first, I really do not know what designs and contents I should put in here. I did a lot of searching for the different designs of websites on Google that I can possibly replicate. I also visited W3Schools.com most of the time for the style of the webpages. W3Schools is really a great help for me since I forgot everything about web development particularly the codes and scripts since I took the course (subject) almost 5 years ago. 

Actually, I really don't know what to put in here, so I did a lot of editing of pictures and put in a particuler webpage, and that's it. Hahaha! Para magkalaman lang siya. :D For the editing of pictures, I did it using Powerpoint since I'm more familiarized with its tools. <i>Alam mo yan honey, PPT lang gamit ko.<i> Hahaha!</p>
